DOC-1877: Add associations and homeowners associations sections for Germany (#670)
swan-io/docs: docs/partnership/document-center/company-registration/belgium.mdx

### Accepted documents {#association-documents}

### Accepted documents {#association-documents}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| Document type (Dutch/French) | Description | Details |
|---|---|---|
| Uittreksel Handelsregister / Extrait BCE* | Proof of Registration* | <ul><li>Must be official and dated.</li><li>Retrieved by Swan from the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (CBE).</li></ul> |
| Akte van Oprichting / Statuts | Articles of Association | <ul><li>Must be dated and signed.</li><li>Must be the most recently published version.</li><li>If amendments have been made, it must be dated within the last **6 months**.</li><li>Must include company name, objectives, and management structure.</li></ul> |
| Notulen vergadering / Procès verbal* | Latest meeting minutes* | <ul><li>Must be the most recent.</li><li>Signed by attendees.</li></ul> |
| Identiteitsdocument / Pièce d'identité | Identity document of UBOs | <ul><li>All valid identity documents are accepted.</li><li>Must be in color (both sides if applicable).</li></ul> |

> | Uittreksel UBO-register / Extrait registre UBO | UBO register extract | <ul><li>From UBO Register (requires NBB authorization) **or** company provision.</li><li>Mandatory under Belgian law.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: **Out of scope**:
Aligning these with the Companies table would make sense. The inherited phrasing carries a few style-guide deviations (bold "or", italic "and", fragments, and the PoA description dropped "identity document" while the details still require it). Since it mirrors pre-existing Companies rows, I suggest a follow-up sweep of both tables rather than fixing one side here.

| Bewijs van adres / Justificatif de domicile | Proof of address of UBOs | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last 3 months.</li></ul> |
| Bewijs van adres / Justificatif de l'adresse de la société | Proof of company address | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last 3 months.</li></ul> |
| Aangifte vennootschapsbelasting / Avis d'imposition | Business income tax return | <ul><li>Most recent (for the previous year).</li></ul> |
| Volmacht / Procuration | Power of Attorney (if applicable) | <ul><li>From authorized directors/Board of Directors.</li><li>Must grant power to open *and* manage accounts.</li><li>Must be dated (within the last year) and signed.</li><li>Identity document required if the legal representative is not the account holder.</li></ul> |
| Organisatiestructuur / Organigramme | Governance structure documentation | <ul><li>Required when the association's governance structure is complex or not clear from other documents.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |

> | Lidmaatschapsovereenkomst / Convention d'adhésion* | Membership agreement* | <ul><li>Must include member names, terms, and conditions of membership.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: BE and NL get a mandatory "Membership agreement*" while DE and FR get an optional "Membership list / admission rules". The ticket specified Ledenlijst / Toelatingsreglement for BE and NL too. Reusing the existing HOA/cooperatives row is fine if the checklist backs it ; can you confirm a mandatory membership agreement is right for associations?

> | PEP-verklaring / Formulaire Personne Politiquement Exposée (PPE) | Politically Exposed Person (PPE) form | <ul><li>Sent to the user (based on your communication preferences).</li><li>Must be dated and signed.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PEP-verklaring / Formulaire Personne Politiquement Exposée (PPE) | Politically Exposed Person (PEP) form | <ul><li>Sent to the user (based on your communication preferences).</li><li>Must be dated and signed.</li></ul> |
```

|---|---|---|
| Uittreksel Handelsregister / Extrait BCE* | Proof of Registration* | <ul><li>From CBE Public Search using address or registration number - save as PDF.</li><li>⚠️ **Note:** Some HOAs not yet registered in CBE.</li></ul> |
| Basisakte en appartementsreglement / Acte de base et règlement de copropriété | Deed of Co-ownership and Internal Regulations | <ul><li>To be provided by the HOA.</li><li>Must be the most recently published version, or dated within the last **6 months** if amendments have been made.</li><li>Fundamental governing documents.</li></ul> |

> | Notulen vergadering / Procès verbal de l’assemblée générale* | Latest meeting minutes* | <ul><li>To be provided by HOA.</li><li>Shows current decisions and authority.</li><li>Must be the most recent.</li><li>Must be signed by assembly president, secretary, and co-owners present.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Notulen vergadering / Procès verbal de l'assemblée générale* | Latest meeting minutes* | <ul><li>To be provided by HOA.</li><li>Shows current decisions and authority.</li><li>Must be the most recent.</li><li>Must be signed by assembly president, secretary, and co-owners present.</li></ul> |
```

| Identiteitsdocument / Pièce d'identité van de syndicus* | Identity document of Syndic* | <ul><li>All valid identity documents are accepted.</li><li>Syndic is sole legal representative.</li><li>Must be a valid identity document.</li><li>Must be submitted in color, both sides (if applicable).</li></ul> |
| Professionele referenties / Attestation professionnelle | Professional credentials | <ul><li>IPI/BIV number verification from IPI website.</li><li>IPI number format: 6 digits (e.g., 505.833).</li><li>Verification if professional Syndic.</li></ul> |

> | Financiële verklaring / Compte financier / Rapport d’activité / Relevés bancaires  | Financial statements / Evidence of financial activity | <ul><li>To be provided by HOA.</li><li>For enhanced due diligence.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Financiële verklaring / Compte financier / Rapport d'activité / Relevés bancaires | Financial statements / Evidence of financial activity | <ul><li>To be provided by HOA.</li><li>For enhanced due diligence.</li></ul> |
```
